Add July release notes and rule updates (#640)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/rule-updates.md

---
slug: rule-updates
description: >-
  Rule updates document significant rule updates made monthly.
toc_max_heading_level: 2
---

import LinkToRegistryRule from "/src/components/LinkToRegistryRule"

# Rule updates

> Welcome to monthly rule updates! This documet includes selected new rules and updates about community and free tier rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to monthly rule updates! This document includes selected new rules and updates about community and free tier rules.
```

Also, I find the phrase “community and free tier rules” confusing in part because our free tier is called the community tier.

Author: @pabloest true, should we say community and team tier rules? But I am not sure if we use this specific distinction here.

Author: ```suggestion
Welcome to monthly rule updates! This document includes selected new rules and rule updates made by the community and r2c.
```
